.TH HTMLMD 1 "August 2013" "" "General Commands Manual"

.SH NAME
.B htmlmd
\- HTML to Markdown converter

.SH SYNOPSIS

.B htmlmd
[
.B \-adilp
]
[
.B \-o
.I output_dir
]
[
.B \-b
.I base_url
]
[
.I paths
]
.br
   [
.B \-dp
]
[
.B \-e
.I html
]
.br
   [
.B \-v
]

.SH DESCRIPTION

html.md is a JavaScript library which allows HTML to be
converted into valid Markdown. It also supports file
systems to provide a complete command line utility.

.SH OPTIONS

.TP 15
.B \-a/\-\-absolute
Always use absolute URLs for converted links and
images.

.HP
.B \-b/\-\-base
.I url
.br
Specifies the base URL to resolve relative URLs
from.

.TP
.B \-d/\-\-debug
Debug mode. Causes
.B htmlmd
to print debugging messages about its progress.

.HP
.B \-e/\-\-eval
.I html
.br
Specifies the HTML string to be evaluated.

.TP
.B \-i/\-\-inline
Always generate Markdown links using inline style.

.TP
.B \-l/\-\-long-ext
Generated Markdown files should have the long file
extension. When used, files will be created in the
.I output_dir
will have a .markdown file extension.

.HP
.B \-o/\-\-output
.I output_dir
.br
Specifies the output directory to which generated
Markdown files will be created.

.TP
.B \-p/\-\-print
Print out converted Markdown to the
.B stdout
stream.

.TP
.B \-v/\-\-version
Display the version number and exit.

.SH BUGS

Inline HTML is not yet supported in the resulting
Markdown.

.SH CAVEATS

It is always recommended to pair option
.B \-p
with
.B \-e
otherwise
.B htmlmd
does all of the work but you won't see the outcome.

.SH AUTHOR

Alasdair Mercer <
.I mercer.alasdair@gmail.com
> (
.I http://neocotic.com
)
